Improve documentation of template modifiers (#380)
WoltLab/docs.woltlab.com: docs/view/template-modifiers.md

```smarty
{$timestamp|plainTime}
```

### `|shortUnit`

`shortUnit` shortens numbers larger than 1000 by using unit suffixes:

```smarty
{10000|shortUnit} {* prints 10k *}
{5400000|shortUnit} {* prints 5.4M *}
```

### `|tableWordwrap`

`tableWordwrap` inserts zero width spaces every 30 characters in words longer than 30 characters.

```smarty
{$foo|tableWordwrap}
```

### `|time`

!!! info "This template plugin has been deprecated in WoltLab Suite 6.0. Use `{time}` instead."

`time` generates an HTML `time` elements based on a timestamp that shows a relative time or the absolute time if the timestamp more than six days ago.

```smarty
{$timestamp|time} {* prints a '<time>' element *}
```

### `|truncate`

`truncate` truncates a long string into a shorter one:

```smarty
{$foo|truncate:35}

{$foo|truncate:35:'_':true}
```

| Parameter Number | Description |
|-----------|-------------|
| 0 | truncated string |
| 1 | truncated length; `80` by default |
| 2 | ellipsis symbol; `wcf\util\StringUtil::HELLIP` by default |
| 3 | if `true`, words can be broken up in the middle; `false` by default |

## PHP Functions

> A whitelisted set of PHP functions can also be used as variable modifiers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A limited number of safe native PHP functions may also be used as variable modifiers:
```
